The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Steve Jobs

In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Albert Einstein

The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Eleanor Roosevelt

It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
Charles Darwin

Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Theodore Roosevelt

Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill

The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
Chinese Proverb

Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.
Steve Jobs

The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.
Tony Robbins

Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
George Addair

I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Thomas Edison

The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Buddha

Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Albert Einstein

The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Nelson Mandela

It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Confucius

The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Walt Disney

If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more.
Oprah Winfrey

Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
John Lennon

The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
Ralph Waldo Emerson

Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard.
Tim Notke

Dream big and dare to fail.
Norman Vaughan

What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Zig Ziglar

The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Mark Twain

Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
John D. Rockefeller

I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
Thomas Jefferson

Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Henry David Thoreau